drivers: serial: nrf_sw_lpuart: misc cleanups (#8268)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/drivers/uart_nrf_sw_lpuart.rst

			compatible = "nordic,nrf-sw-lpuart";
			status = "okay";
			label = "LPUART";
			req-gpios = <&gpio1 14 0>;
			rdy-gpios = <&gpio1 15 0>;
		};
	};

The low power UART configuration includes:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SW_LPUART_MAX_PACKET_SIZE`: Sets the maximum RX packet size.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SW_LPUART_DEFAULT_TX_TIMEOUT`: Sets the timeout value, in milliseconds.
  It is used in :c:func:`uart_poll_out` and :c:func:`uart_fifo_fill` when the interrupt-driven API is enabled.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SW_LPUART_INT_DRV_TX_BUF_SIZE`: Set the size of the internal buffer created and used by :c:func:`uart_fifo_fill`.
  For optimal performance, it should be able to fit the longest possible packet.

> As well as standard UART driver options such as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_UART_INTERRUPT_DRIVEN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration also includes standard UART driver options such as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_UART_INTERRUPT_DRIVEN`.
```
